[DO NOT MERGE] Added a documentation of the SimulationInterfaces gem (#3)
RobotecAI/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/interactivity/robotics/simulation-interfaces.md

## Requirements

The `SimulationInterfaces` Gem requires:
- [ROS2 Gem](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-extras/tree/development/Gems/ROS2) version 3.3.0 or newer
- [simulation_interfaces](https://github.com/ros-simulation/simulation_interfaces) package installed.

## Adding SimulationInterfaces Gem to the project

Add the `SimulationInterfaces` Gem to the dependency list in the `project.json` file to use it within your project. Gem's functionality is implemented as _System Components_, hence making all interfaces available from the start.

To verify that the Gem has been added successfully, check the list of available ROS 2 _services_ and _actions_ after launching the GameLauncher (or running the Game Mode from the Editor).

Get available _services_ command:
```
ros2 service list
```

Get available _actions_ command:
```
ros2 action list
```

The details of the listed interfaces are provided in a later section.

## Motivation 

The `SimulationInterfaces` is ROS 2 API that allows to affect simulated entities in various ways.

> It is can be thought as ROS 2 API to talk with :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be thought of as ROS 2 API to talk with :
```

- [Simulated Bodies](/docs/user-guide/interactivity/physics/nvidia-physx/simulated-bodies/),
- [Spawning and despawning](/docs/learning-guide/tutorials/entities-and-prefabs/spawn-a-prefab/),
- pausing simulation,
- resetting simulation.

With `SimulationInterfaces` you can query and modify state of simulated bodies. 
Those are entities with components such as [Rigid Body Component](docs/user-guide/components/reference/physx/rigid-body/) or [Static Rigid Body](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/physx/static-rigid-body/) and others.

{{< note >}}

> Entities that has no physics, will not be available by `SimulationInterfaces`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entities that have no physics, will not be available by `SimulationInterfaces`
```

{{< /note >}}

> There is recommendation to build your simulation assets in tree like structure where the trunk is a [Rigid Body Component](docs/user-guide/components/reference/physx/rigid-body/) or [Static Rigid Body](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/physx/static-rigid-body/) and children are other components (like meshes, lights and others).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a recommendation to build your simulation assets in a tree-like structure where the trunk is a [Rigid Body Component](docs/user-guide/components/reference/physx/rigid-body/) or [Static Rigid Body](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/physx/static-rigid-body/) and children are other components (like meshes, lights, and others).
```

> The correctly designed prefab should has following structure:\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The correctly designed prefab should have the following structure:\
```

![prefab](/images/user-guide/interactivity/robotics/correct_structure.png)

The `Rack` entity has [Static Rigid Body](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/physx/static-rigid-body/) and [PhysX Mesh Collider Component](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/physx/mesh-collider/) and is available in `SimulationInterfaces`.
Entities `Boxes`, `Lv0`, `Lv1`, `Lv2` are only decorative. 

> However, above-mentioned will follow `Rack`, due to parent-child relation and [Transform Component](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/transform/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the entities mentioned above will follow `Rack`, due to parent-child relation and [Transform Component](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/transform/).
```

The `SimulationInterfaces` allows to perform bound search. 

> You can specify what is you region of interests and ask for Simulated Entities inside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the region of interest and ask for Simulated Entities inside.
```

This feature uses [Overlap Scene Query](/docs/user-guide/interactivity/physics/nvidia-physx/scene-queries/#overlap). 

> You need to have collider shapes added to entities to get results from [Overlap Scene Query](/docs/user-guide/interactivity/physics/nvidia-physx/scene-queries/#overlap).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results can be correctly interpreted only if the collider shapes are added to the entities.
```

## Supported Features overview

This section presents the detailed description of the currently implemented and supported simulation features.

### GetSimulatorFeatures service

The `GetSimulatorFeatures` _service_ allows users to get the list of [simulation_interfaces](https://github.com/ros-simulation/simulation_interfaces) features that are supported by the simulator.

ROS 2 _service_ definition: [GetEntityState.srv](https://github.com/ros-simulation/simulation_interfaces/tree/main/srv/GetSimulatorFeatures.srv) \
SimulatorFeatures definition: [SimulatorFeatures](https://github.com/ros-simulation/simulation_interfaces/tree/main/msg/SimulatorFeatures.msg) \
Default _service_ name: `/get_simulation_features` \
O3DE EBus: `SimulationInterfaces::SimulationFeaturesAggregatorRequests::GetSimulationFeatures`

The returned list contains numbers that can be mapped to the supported features. The mapping is defined in the [SimulatorFeatures](https://github.com/ros-simulation/simulation_interfaces/tree/main/msg/SimulatorFeatures.msg) message.

The following features are currently supported:

- SPAWNING
- DELETING
- ENTITY_BOUNDS_BOX
- ENTITY_STATE_GETTING
- ENTITY_STATE_SETTING
- SPAWNABLES

> - SIMULATION_RESET
> - SIMULATION_RESET_TIME
> - SIMULATION_RESET_SPAWNED

Reviewer 2: Theoretically we support SIMULATION_RESET_STATE as well 
```suggestion
- SIMULATION_RESET
- SIMULATION_RESET_TIME
- SIMULATION_RESET_STATE
- SIMULATION_RESET_SPAWNED
```

Individual _spawnables_ ROS 2 _message_ definition: [Spawnable.msg](https://github.com/ros-simulation/simulation_interfaces/tree/main/msg/Spawnable.msg) \
Default _service_ name: `/get_spawnables` \
O3DE EBus: `SimulationInterfaces::SimulationEntityManagerRequests::GetSpawnables`

### SpawnEntity service

The `SpawnEntity` _service_ lets you add simulated _spawnables_ into the simulation environment. As explained earlier, you can get the available _spawnables_ with the `GetSpawnables` _service_.

ROS 2 _service_ definition: [SpawnEntity](https://github.com/ros-simulation/simulation_interfaces/tree/main/srv/SpawnEntity.srv) \
Default _service_ name: `/spawn_entity` \
O3DE EBus: `SimulationInterfaces::SimulationEntityManagerRequests::SpawnEntity`

If you want to spawn a new object into the simulation environment, you need to know the valid URI of the _spawnable_, e.g.,`product_asset:///prefabs/robot/foorobot.spawnable`. `Simulation Entities Manager` will find corresponding Asset ID based on the URI.

**Note:** Spawning assets from the file system e.g., `spawnable://home/username/robots/FooRobot.spawnables` is not supported.

### GetEntities service

> The `GetEntities` _service_ outputs a list of all spawned entities.

Reviewer 2: Not only spawned. If you have scene with already included objects which fulfill requirements provided by the standard, they are returned as well

ROS 2 _service_ definition: [GetEntities](https://github.com/ros-simulation/simulation_interfaces/tree/main/srv/GetEntities.srv) \
EntityFilters definition: [EntityFilters](https://github.com/ros-simulation/simulation_interfaces/blob/main/msg/EntityFilters.msg) \
Default _service_ name: `/get_entities` \
O3DE EBus: `SimulationInterfaces::SimulationEntityManagerRequests::GetEntities`

This service works in two ways:
 - returning to the caller whole cache of entities (when no filter in the query)

>  - returning results of Overlap Scene Query (when Bounds where set the query)

Reviewer 2: In three ways actually.
it can also return entities which matches the provided regex in 'filter' field
combination of regex search with Bounds is supported as well

> The intermediate result is filtered by the regular expression parameter (given in filter string) and the category.

Reviewer 2: Filter by regular expression is not only intermediate result. It can be valid final result

The `Rack` entity has [Static Rigid Body](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/physx/static-rigid-body/) and [PhysX Mesh Collider Component](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/physx/mesh-collider/) and is available in `SimulationInterfaces`.
Entities `Boxes`, `Lv0`, `Lv1`, `Lv2` are only decorative. 
However, the entities mentioned above will follow `Rack`, due to parent-child relation and [Transform Component](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/transform/).

The `SimulationInterfaces` allows to perform bound search. 
You can specify the region of interest and ask for Simulated Entities inside.
This feature uses [Overlap Scene Query](/docs/user-guide/interactivity/physics/nvidia-physx/scene-queries/#overlap). 
The results can be correctly interpreted only if the collider shapes are added to the entities.

{{< note >}}
The number of results in scene queries is pretty limited by default (32). 
We highly recommend to increase this limit to Overlap Query Buffer Size in [PhysX Configuration](/docs/user-guide/interactivity/physics/nvidia-physx/configuring/).
{{< /note >}}

## Design

### Namespaces

> Users looking at the source code of the `SimulationInterfaces` Gem might bw confused why there are two namespaces within one gem - `SimulationInterfaces` and `ROS2SimulationInterfaces`. The reason for this is to distinguish the part of the code that implements features of the `simulation_interfaces` standard in O3DE and defines API using EBuses (`SimulationInterfaces` namespace), from the part that acts as an adapter between ROS 2 and O3DE (`ROS2SimulationInterfaces` namespace). This also makes it possible in the future to split them into two gems - `SimulationInterfaces` and `ROS2SimulationInterfaces` to allow users to use features implemented by the `SimulationInterfaces` without adding the dependency to the ROS 2 framework.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users looking at the source code of the `SimulationInterfaces` Gem might be confused why there are two namespaces within one gem - `SimulationInterfaces` and `ROS2SimulationInterfaces`. The reason for this is to distinguish the part of the code that implements features of the `simulation_interfaces` standard in O3DE and defines API using EBuses (`SimulationInterfaces` namespace), from the part that acts as an adapter between ROS 2 and O3DE (`ROS2SimulationInterfaces` namespace). This also makes it possible in the future to split them into two gems - `SimulationInterfaces` and `ROS2SimulationInterfaces` to allow users to use features implemented by the `SimulationInterfaces` without adding the dependency to the ROS 2 framework.
```

> Users looking at the source code of the `SimulationInterfaces` Gem might bw confused why there are two namespaces within one gem - `SimulationInterfaces` and `ROS2SimulationInterfaces`. The reason for this is to distinguish the part of the code that implements features of the `simulation_interfaces` standard in O3DE and defines API using EBuses (`SimulationInterfaces` namespace), from the part that acts as an adapter between ROS 2 and O3DE (`ROS2SimulationInterfaces` namespace). This also makes it possible in the future to split them into two gems - `SimulationInterfaces` and `ROS2SimulationInterfaces` to allow users to use features implemented by the `SimulationInterfaces` without adding the dependency to the ROS 2 framework.

Reviewer 2: Can we also divide first sentence into a couple of smaller one. The first one is HUGE

> Users looking at the source code of the `SimulationInterfaces` Gem might bw confused why there are two namespaces within one gem - `SimulationInterfaces` and `ROS2SimulationInterfaces`. The reason for this is to distinguish the part of the code that implements features of the `simulation_interfaces` standard in O3DE and defines API using EBuses (`SimulationInterfaces` namespace), from the part that acts as an adapter between ROS 2 and O3DE (`ROS2SimulationInterfaces` namespace). This also makes it possible in the future to split them into two gems - `SimulationInterfaces` and `ROS2SimulationInterfaces` to allow users to use features implemented by the `SimulationInterfaces` without adding the dependency to the ROS 2 framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation of `SimulationInterfaces` Gem is separated between two namespaces: `SimulationInterfaces` and `ROS2SimulationInterfaces`. The implementation of the `simulation_interfaces` standard in O3DE and the API using EBuses (`SimulationInterfaces` namespace) is distinct from the part that acts as an adapter between ROS 2 and O3DE (`ROS2SimulationInterfaces` namespace). This will enable the split into two separate Gems if needed (e.g. when implementing systems without the ROS 2 framework).
```

### O3DE implementation

> The O3DE implementation of the `simulation_interfaces` is split into four _System Components_. The reason for this is to group features that are somehow related into separate classes which also allows to reduce the complexity of the implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The O3DE implementation of the `simulation_interfaces` is split into four _System Components_. The reason for this is to group features that are related into separate classes which also allows to reduce the complexity of the implementation.
```

> Implemented _System Components_:
> - `SimulationEntitiesManager` - system component that implements the part of the API responsible for dealing with the entities (spawning, deleting, getting the entity state, etc.)
> - `SimulationManager` - system component that implements the part of the API responsible for controlling the simulation (pausing, reloading, getting the simulation state, etc.)
> - `SimulationFeaturesAggregator` - system component that implements the `GetSimulatiorFeatures` (which is part of the standard) and extends the API with some additional functions (e.g. HasFeature which allows to check if the simulator supports a certain feature)
> - `ROS2SimulationInterfacesSystemComponent` - system component that is responsible for creating the handlers for the ROS 2 services and actions

Reviewer 2: Not sure if constant repetition of system component is needed, especially this list is related only for them
```suggestion
Implemented _System Components_:
- `SimulationEntitiesManager` - implements the part of the API responsible for dealing with the entities (spawning, deleting, getting the entity state, etc.)
- `SimulationManager` - implements the part of the API responsible for controlling the simulation (pausing, reloading, getting the simulation state, etc.)
- `SimulationFeaturesAggregator` - implements the `GetSimulatiorFeatures` (which is part of the standard) and extends the API with some additional functions (e.g. `HasFeature` which allows to check if the simulator supports a certain feature)
- `ROS2SimulationInterfacesSystemComponent` - is responsible for creating the handlers for the ROS 2 services and actions
```

In our system, service and action handlers are designed to follow a unified architecture that promotes consistency and extensibility. All handlers for services and action servers inherit from their respective base classes—`ROS2ServiceBase` for service handlers and `ROS2ActionBase` for action handlers. Both of these base classes implement a common interface, `IROS2HandlerBase`, ensuring that all handlers adhere to a standardized structure.

#### Inheritance Structure

- **Service Handlers**: Inherit from `ROS2ServiceBase`, which in turn implements the `IROS2HandlerBase`.
- **Action Handlers**: Inherit from `ROS2ActionBase`, which also implements the `IROS2HandlerBase`.

This design enforces a commonality among all handlers while allowing for the specific functionalities required by services and actions.

#### Main Interface `IROS2HandlerBase`

The `IROS2HandlerBase` interface mandates that all handler implementations include several crucial functions. These functions are necessary for:

1. **Registering Handlers in the System Component**: Handlers must implement methods that allow them to properly register within the _ROS2SimulationInterfacesSystemComponent_.

> 2. **Informing About Supported Features**: Every handler is required to provide information about the feature(s) it supports. This is essential for ensuring that `GetSimulatorFeatures` method knows about futures supported by the simulator.

Reviewer 2: I think there should be those additional points
3. informing about its type GetTypeName
4. informing about its default service/action name

### GetEntities service

The `GetEntities` _service_ outputs a list of all entities that fulfill requirements provided by the standard.

ROS 2 _service_ definition: [GetEntities](https://github.com/ros-simulation/simulation_interfaces/tree/main/srv/GetEntities.srv) \
EntityFilters definition: [EntityFilters](https://github.com/ros-simulation/simulation_interfaces/blob/main/msg/EntityFilters.msg) \
Default _service_ name: `/get_entities` \
O3DE EBus: `SimulationInterfaces::SimulationEntityManagerRequests::GetEntities`

This service works in three ways:
 - returning to the caller whole cache of entities (when no filter in the query)
 - returning results of Overlap Scene Query (when Bounds where set the query)

>  - returning results that matches provided regular expression and/or Bounds (both parameters are provided as part of the `EntityFilters` field)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - returning results that match provided regular expression and/or Bounds (both parameters are provided as part of the `EntityFilters` field)
```

> The result is filtered by the regular expression parameter (given in filter string) and the category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result is filtered by the regular expression parameter (given in the filter string) and the category.
```
